Add info on CI processes (#157)
atlassian/changesets: README.md

We also have a [spec](./docs/spec.md)

## Integrating with CI

While changesets can be an entirely manual process, we recommend integrating it with how your CI works.

To check that PRs contain a changeset, we recommend using [this check github action](https://github.com/changesets/check-action), or if you want to fail builds on a changesets failure, run `yarn changeset status` in CI.

> To make releasing easier, you can use [this changesets github action](https://github.com/changesets/action) to automate creating versioning pull requests, and/or releasing packages.

Reviewer: I should probably PR this to the dictionary but I've been thinking that "release" should refer to versioning + publishing.
```suggestion
To make releasing easier, you can use [this changesets github action](https://github.com/changesets/action) to automate creating versioning pull requests, and optionally publishing packages.
```

Author: > PR this to the dictionary

Strong agree
